c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.config
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.g.resources
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.pdb
c:\users\sulprizio_b\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.config
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MvvmLight22.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.g.resources
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\sulprizio_b\Source\Repos\ValidationRuleTest\MvvmLight22\MvvmLight22\obj\Debug\MvvmLight22.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
